What a billion
Sister works to make money
Go to bed too?
Besides, my brother-in-law is handsome and rich
You give me the check
I'll exchange it for you right away.
How did you know I had a check?
If you want to light up, Aunt Liu really let you come
Now that you know
I don't talk nonsense either
Give me the money.
I'll go right away
I can give you all 100 million.
But you have to do something for me.
Just give me money.
Do anything
Your performance on the sub-balcony was good
Maybe it has disappeared by now
I'll just transfer the money to you directly.
What are you asking me here for?
He's just hiding from the limelight
How could you be willing to let him go?
If I go to make trouble again
It will definitely be exposed. I can't ask you for 1 million then
that
What do you mean?
I took your money, so I must satisfy the boss.
I'll drug him at night and bring it here
What if the nude photos of the popular live streaming host are posted online?
I am a man after all
It is inconvenient for you to hold him.
Come back later.
Who is it? I'll ruin your reputation